README.md, before:

### conf

package conf helps to organise and maintain package options and flags including
program operating modes that may be set from the command line.

MODES operating modes can be created by using the conf.Mode function, the
function returns a bit flag with the appropriate bit set to enable the mode
when creating an option.

```go
	newmode = conf.Mode("name", helpData)
```

The newmode flag is then used when defining an option in the Modes field, the
option will appear in all of the modes that are specified in this declaration.

```go
conf.Option{
	Modes: (newmode | mode1 | mode2)
}
```

OPTIONS contain the data required to create a flag when included within the
current flag set, however they may also be set from configuration files or
other methods, an option also contains a user definable function that may be
set to verify the data when it is set.

The following is an example of the conf package in use:


#### Example use

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/8i8/conf"
)

var (
	def = conf.Setup(helpBase, helpDef)
	one = conf.Command("one", helpOne)
	two = conf.Command("two", helpTwo)
)

var opts = []conf.Option{
	{Name: "intie",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "n",
		Default:  12,
		Usage:    intie,
		Commands: def | one | two,
		Check: func(v interface{}) (interface{}, error) {
			i := *v.(*int)
			if i != 12 {
				return v, fmt.Errorf("-n must be 12")
			}
			return v, nil
		},
	},
	{Name: "thing",
		Type:     conf.String,
		Flag:     "s",
		Default:  "Some thing",
		Usage:    thing,
		Commands: def | one | two,
		Check: func(v interface{}) (interface{}, error) {
			s := *v.(*string)
			if len(s) == 0 {
				return v, fmt.Errorf("What ... No text?")
			}
			return v, nil
		},
	},
	{Name: "none",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "i",
		Default:  16,
		Usage:    "the i is the none of all the ints",
		Commands: def | one | two,
	},
	{Name: "verbosity",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "v",
		Default:  0,
		Usage:    "The overall chattiness of it all",
		Commands: def | one | two,
	},
}

func main() {
	conf.Options(opts...)
	if err := conf.Parse(); err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err)
	}
	fmt.Printf("The current running mode is %q\n", conf.GetCmd())
}

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Base
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var helpBase = `NAME
        conf

SYNOPSIS
        conf | [mode] | -[flag] | -[flag] <value> | -[flag] <'value,value,value'>

EXAMPLE
	conf one -n 36 -s "Hello, World!"`

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Modes
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var helpDef = `
MODES
        conf [mode] -[flag]

	one     one does all things in the oneiest way.

	two     two, despite appearances is second to none, doing things in an
	        agreeable two like fashion.

	Further detatils of the use of each mode can be found by running the
	following command.

	conf [mode] -help  or conf [mode] -h

FLAGS`

var helpOne = `MODE
	conf one

FLAGS`

var helpTwo = `MODE
	conf two

FLAGS`

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Flags
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var intie = `This is the very default value in the most simple mode, to test
if another way of writing the messages might be better.`

var thing = `This is the default string thing, so as to best exemplify
the use of this package in its current state I thought it
best to write something very wordy here.`
```

GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPL-3.0)
See lgpl-3.0.md for a full version of the licence.

Commit message:

README updated after renameing of code

README.md, after:

### conf

package conf helps you to organise and maintain package sub-commands,
their options and their flags.

COMMANDS sub-commands can be created by using the conf.Command function
which returns a token set to designate the command as a target when
creating an option.

```go
	cmd = conf.Command("doit", doitUsage)
```

The cmd token is then used when defining an option, instructing the
package that the option is to be assigned to the command. The option will
appear in all of the commands for which tokens are proveded, the tokes are
seperated by the | character, indicating that all tokens are to be used.

```go
conf.Option{
	Commands: cmd | cmd1 | cmd2
}
```

OPTIONS contain the data required to create a flag, which is done when the
option is present within the active commands flagset, however optoins may also be
modified by other methods, such as the sers programming code.

The `Check:` field takes a function value that may be defined whilst
creating an option. This function has the signature `func(interface{})
(interface{}, error)` which can be uesd to either specify tests and
conditions for the options value or to change the value as it is passed.

The following is an example of the conf package in use:


#### Example use

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/8i8/conf"
)

var (
	def = conf.Setup(helpBase, helpDef)
	one = conf.Command("one", helpOne)
	two = conf.Command("two", helpTwo)
)

var opts = []conf.Option{
	{Name: "intie",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "n",
		Default:  12,
		Usage:    intie,
		Commands: def | one | two,
		Check: func(v interface{}) (interface{}, error) {
			i := *v.(*int)
			if i < 120 {
				return v, fmt.Errorf("-n must be greater than 120")
			}
			return v, nil
		},
	},
	{Name: "thing",
		Type:     conf.String,
		Flag:     "s",
		Default:  "Some thing",
		Usage:    thing,
		Commands: def | one | two,
		Check: func(v interface{}) (interface{}, error) {
			s := *v.(*string)
			if len(s) == 0 {
				return v, fmt.Errorf("What is this ... No text?")
			}
			return v, nil
		},
	},
	{Name: "none",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "i",
		Default:  16,
		Usage:    "the i is the none of all the ints",
		Commands: def | one | two,
	},
	{Name: "verbosity",
		Type:     conf.Int,
		Flag:     "v",
		Default:  0,
		Usage:    "The overall chattiness of it all",
		Commands: def | one | two,
	},
}

func main() {
	conf.Options(opts...)
	if err := conf.Parse(); err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err)
	}
	fmt.Printf("The current running mode is %q\n", conf.GetCmd())
}

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Base
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var helpBase = `NAME
        conf

SYNOPSIS
        conf | [mode] | -[flag] | -[flag] <value> | -[flag] <'value,value,value'>

EXAMPLE
	conf one -n 36 -s "Hello, World!"`

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Modes
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var helpDef = `
MODES
        conf [mode] -[flag]

	one     one does all things in the oneiest way.

	two     two, despite appearances is second to none, doing things in an
	        agreeable two like fashion.

	Further detatils of the use of each mode can be found by running the
	following command.

	conf [mode] -help  or conf [mode] -h

FLAGS`

var helpOne = `MODE
	conf one

FLAGS`

var helpTwo = `MODE
	conf two

FLAGS`

// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
//  Flags
// ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

var intie = `This is the very default value in the most simple mode, to test
if another way of writing the messages might be better.`

var thing = `This is the default string thing, so as to best exemplify
the use of this package in its current state I thought it
best to write something very wordy here.`
```

GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPL-3.0)
See lgpl-3.0.md for a full version of the licence.
